README.md, before:

See it live at: http://de.discovermeteor.com/

Here are a couple of comments for the current version of the (ongoing) translation:

#### Common notes
- We don't translate slugs


#### A couple of english terms to stick with - even in german:

- Bug
- Code
- Commit
- Framework
- Header
- Live
- Link
- Package
- Repo
- Repository



#### Who is 'you'?
In german, we have two meanings of the word 'YOU' - the one complies (approx.) with the historic-english 'thou' and is used with friends and family, the other is used (more or less) when communicating to strangers (or people outside the former 'friends and family' group).
For this book, I decided to use the 'friends/familiy' variation, which translates to 'Du'. So the author talks to the reader directly, which I find more appropriate for this kind of *geeky* material ;)

#### Time
We talk in the 'present' form. I somehow dislike the original texts where the authors 'wanted' to do something... did they stop wanting it? I guess no - so let's keep it present (pun intended).


Andy

Commit message:

Added description how to write to the reader.

README.md, after:

See it live at: http://de.discovermeteor.com/

Here are a couple of comments for the current version of the (ongoing) translation:

#### Common notes
- We don't translate slugs


#### A couple of english terms to stick with - even in german:

- Bug
- Code
- Commit
- Framework
- Header
- Live
- Link
- Package
- Repo
- Repository

#### Who is 'you'?
In german, we have two meanings of the word 'YOU' - the one complies (approx.) with the historic-english 'thou' and is used with friends and family, the other is used (more or less) when communicating to strangers (or people outside the former 'friends and family' group).
For this book, I decided to use the 'friends/familiy' variation, which translates to 'du'. So the author talks to the reader directly.
Furthermore, the German language rules allows to write 'du' or 'Du'. For consistency reason, we translate always to 'du' (small letters).

#### Time
We talk in the 'present' form. I somehow dislike the original texts where the authors 'wanted' to do something... did they stop wanting it? I guess no - so let's keep it present (pun intended).


Andy
